1-So what is the heal challenge? We have been running this challenge for about two years now on our current website also. And this challenge is basically for girls who have menstrual problems. Now those problems can be in the form of even conditions such as PCOS, or maybe irregular periods, or very heavy periods, and period cramps are very, very common problems that many people have. It is not a disorder really, but we can certainly club it under the period problem group. The heal challenge says that make a shift from disposable sanitary napkins to reusable sanitary napkins, and if your period problems have not gone away, have not reduced, have not gotten better, then return your pads, even used, and you will get your refund, no questions asked.

Now why does the heal challenge work? The heal challenge works because of what is the science behind it. It is because disposable sanitary napkins have so many chemicals and toxins, and actually on the science page this is beautifully depicted. All the publications that are pointing to this, these you know that are all the research papers that have come out in recent years that have proved beyond a shadow of doubt, even though it is not there in the mainstream conversations, but today in scientific literature there is enough proof that all these toxins and chemicals are there. They play a havoc with our hormonal system. And that is where a lot of the period problems start. So you remove the source of the toxins, in other words make a hundred percent shift to reusables, and the body will start to heal itself. We have documented so many case studies, the heal challenge has been ongoing for more than two years. We know that it works.

So that is basically what the heal challenge is about. If we come to refunds, we have not had a single person reach out for refunds so far, but we still need to define the process for refunds. So definitely if somebody is enrolling in the heal challenge, they should fill out a form saying that, you know, this is why we are buying the pads, for them to qualify for the refund later. During the refund, when they are claiming the refund, they should fill out another form which helps us identify why the problem did not go away.

So like I said, we don't have these forms in existence right now, but because we haven't had anybody really reach out to us for refunds. Now will the heal challenge work only with Saukhyam or with any reusable product will healing happen? It is likely that healing will happen no matter which reusable product we use, because all we really need is the removal of the source of toxins and chemicals which is disposable sanitary napkins. And we can have an FAQ section on the heal page that is answering these types of questions. So but we cannot vouch for other reusable products, Saukhyam pads is the only one that we have experience with and we are providing a guarantee for. There are of course structural problems, you know, people have endometriosis or people have other kinds of issues that will not completely go away because of just a change of the sanitary napkin. But your period experience overall may become better, which explains why folks have not reached out to us for refunds. So we do need to have this so-called FAQ or disclaimer section that gives the right information with the right kind of detail.

One very, very important part in the heal challenge is that we need to make a 100 percent shift. If we are not able to make a 100 percent shift right away, we can take about three months to do that. We call this the 2-3-4 formula. In month one, use reusable pads for two days at least, and these can be the two days of your light flow. Month two, use them for three days. Month three, use them for three days, and you're ready to make a complete shift after that. Nobody actually uses them in this way, but they get the idea that at least initially I can use them at home. If I spend eight hours outside the house, maybe add two hours of commute also, so ten hours outside the house. I am still spending 14 hours at home, and at that time I can be using reusables. So if we make a complete shift—if we are taking three months for making the complete shift, then we should give at least three months for usage of reusable pads for the healing to happen, for the healing to be noticeable. That's why this is a six-month heal challenge. Sometimes folks have irregular periods, they don't get their periods for months together. So in that case also, when your period comes, at that time you should be using reusable pads. Within six months hopefully you get the opportunity to use reusable pads at least a couple of times or two to three times and so on. So this is the information needed to build out the heal page on the website.


2-We should have another section in the FAQ, 'What are, you know, environmental toxins? What is the role played by environmental toxins in PCOS and other such conditions?' and 'What are the sources of environmental toxins?' and 'What are the types of lifestyle changes we need to make?' So here we are not experts on, you know, diet or exercise and so on. All of these things are good to do. But one source of—so nobody knows what causes PCOS—environmental toxins do play a big role in causing the hormonal disruption that leads to PCOS. A big, big source of environmental toxins that is often overlooked is the toxins that enter our bloodstream directly from the vaginal area without undergoing first-pass metabolism, and that's why this is perhaps the biggest source that if we can remove it, it helps the healing to start happening. So this can be included in the FAQ section also, or in the headline and the sublines and so on."

3-Actually the headline can have the heal challenge. What is the challenge? Make a complete shift to reusable pads or Saukhyam pads and get rid of your period problems, no matter what those problems are. Period pain, excessive period pain, or irregular periods, or very heavy bleeding, or whatever it is. So this is a 6-month challenge and we reimburse your money if you return your used pads and if you say that your period problems haven't become better. No questions asked. So that in essence is what the heal challenge is.

Linkdein Links are:-
https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7358817887853166593/

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7357776788116160512/

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7357341390952939520/

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7365657800091324416/

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7430866217705529344/

These five LinkedIn posts also have important insights that can be used for our HEAL page.

Also these LinkedIn posts from Saukhyam Foundation 

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7452254394022109186/?actorCompanyId=71981628

https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7450090173003960320/?actorCompanyId=71981628

https://www.linkedin.com/company/71981628/admin/post-analytics/urn:li:activity:7437027006103416832/